.TH PYAARLO 1
.SH NAME
pyaarlo \- List devices, perform simple actions and anonymize/encrypt logs for debugging
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBpyaarlo [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
pyaarlo is a Python module to manage Aarlo cameras. The \fBpyaarlo\fR executable performs simple actions.

This manual page is for the \fBpyaarlo\fR executable. The Python module documentation is available in \fI/usr/share/doc/python3-pyaarlo/README.md.gz\fR.

.SS COMMANDS

Help specific to each command is available by executing \fBpyaarlo COMMAND --help\fR.

.TP
\fBanonymize\fR
Anonymize and encrypt logs for debugging purposes. For example:
.IP
cat output-file | pyaarlo -u username -p password anonymize

.TP
\fBcamera\fR
Start or stop the camera, or take thumbnails. Requires an argument from {start-stream|stop-stream|last-thumbnail}. For example:
.IP
pyaarlo -u username -p password camera last-thumbnail

.TP
\fBdecrypt\fR
Decrypt from stdin. For example:
.IP
cat encrypted | pyaarlo decrypt

.TP
\fBdump\fR
Print out everything that was returned from Arlo about the devices in the system. For example:
.IP
pyaarlo dump all

.TP
\fBencrypt\fR
Encrypt from stdin. For example:
.IP
cat output-file | pyaarlo encrypt

.TP
\fBlist\fR
Requires an argument from {all|cameras|bases|lights|doorbells}. For example:
.IP
pyaarlo -u username -p password list all

.SS OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-u, --username TEXT\fR
Aarlo username.

.TP
\fB-p, --password TEXT\fR
Aarlo password.

.TP
\fB-a, --anonymize / --no-anonymize\fR
Anonymize ids.

.TP
\fB-c, --compact / --no-compact\fR
Minimize lists.

.TP
\fB-e, --encrypt / --no-encrypt\fR
Where possible, encrypt output.

.TP
\fB-k, --public-key TEXT\fR
Public key for encryption.

.TP
\fB-K, --private-key TEXT\fR
Private key for decryption.

.TP
\fB-P, --pass-phrase TEXT\fR
Pass phrase for private key.

.TP
\fB-s, --storage-dir TEXT\fR.
Where to store Aarlo state and packet dump [default: (current dir)]

.TP
\fB-w, --wait / --no-wait\fR.
Wait for all information to arrive on start-up.

.TP
\fB-v, --verbose\fR.
More vebose with multiple -v.

.TP
\fB--help\fR.
Show help message and exit.

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Carles Pina i Estany <carles@pina.cat> for the \fBDebian\fR system (but may be used by others). Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 any later version published by the Free Software Foundation.

.SH SEE ALSO
Full Pyaarlo full documentation <https://pyaarlo.readthedocs.io/en/latest/> or available locally in </usr/share/doc/python3-pyaarlo/README.md.gz>.

